https://github.com/deanm/polynom

(c) Dean McNamee <dean@gmail.com>, 2014.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.


Polynom is a small JavaScript libraries for polynomial expressions of exact
rational numbers.  It includes a basic Rational class for dealing with numbers
of the type of a/b where a and b are integers.  A Polynomial is then simply a
list of the rational coeffecients for a specific degree.  Some basic calculus
operations (power law for polynomials) is implemented, allowing to integrate
and differentiate polynomials.

The Rational numbers are currently implemented on top of JavaScript number
primitives, which are doubles so have a limited range of integers that can be
represented.  In the future, the Rational number support should either be
extended to implement a big integer library, or an external library such as
js-numbers (implementation of the scheme numeric tower) should be used.
